# Elijeweb - Your AI Sales Assistant for MetaThis is a full-stack Next.js application designed to automate sales and manage orders, stock, and analytics for businesses operating on Meta platforms. It uses Next.js (App Router), TypeScript, Prisma with SQLite, NextAuth.js for authentication, and Tailwind CSS for styling.## Getting StartedFollow these steps to set up and run the project locally.### PrerequisitesMake sure you have the following installed:  *   Node.js (v18 or higher)  *   npm or yarn  *   Git### 1. Clone the Repository```bashgit clone https://github.com/your-username/elijeweb.gitcd elijeweb```### 2. Install Dependencies```bashnpm install# oryarn install```### 3. Environment VariablesCreate a `.env` file in the root of the project based on the `.env.example` file.```dotenvDATABASE_URL="file:./dev.db"NEXTAUTH_SECRET="YOUR_NEXTAUTH_SECRET"NEXTAUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"```*   `DATABASE_URL`: This is set to use SQLite, a file-based database. The `dev.db` file will be created in your project root. **Do not change this to PostgreSQL or other server-based databases.***   `NEXTAUTH_SECRET`: Generate a strong, random string for this. You can use `openssl rand -base64 32` in your terminal or a similar tool.*   `NEXTAUTH_URL`: The URL where your application will be running. For local development, `http://localhost:3000` is typical.### 4. Set up the DatabaseThis project uses Prisma with SQLite. You need to run migrations to create the database schema.```bashnpx prisma migrate dev --name init```This command will:  *   Create the `dev.db` SQLite file in your project root.  *   Apply the schema defined in `prisma/schema.prisma`.  *   Generate the Prisma Client.### 5. Run the Development Server```bashnpm run dev# oryarn dev```Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the application.## Project Structure```plaintext├── app/│   ├── api/│   │   ├── auth/[...nextauth]/route.ts  # NextAuth.js API route│   │   ├── orders/│   │   │   ├── [orderId]/route.ts      # API for single order CRUD│   │   │   └── route.ts                # API for all orders CRUD│   │   ├── products/route.ts         # API for products CRUD│   │   └── register/route.ts         # API for user registration│   ├── dashboard/page.tsx          # Dashboard page (protected)│   ├── admin/page.tsx              # Admin panel page (protected)│   ├── login/page.tsx              # Login page│   ├── register/page.tsx           # Registration page│   ├── reset-password/page.tsx     # Password reset page│   ├── globals.css                 # Global Tailwind CSS styles│   ├── layout.tsx                  # Root layout for the application│   └── page.tsx                    # Homepage (landing page)├── components/│   ├── ui/│   │   ├── Button.tsx              # Reusable Button component│   │   └── Input.tsx               # Reusable Input component│   ├── Footer.tsx                  # Application footer│   ├── Header.tsx                  # Application header│   └── SessionProvider.tsx         # NextAuth.js SessionProvider wrapper├── hooks/│   ├── useDarkMode.ts              # Custom hook for dark mode toggle│   └── useNavigation.ts            # Custom hook for client-side navigation│   ├── lib/│   ├── auth.ts                   # NextAuth.js configuration│   └── prisma.ts                 # Prisma Client instance├── prisma/│   └── schema.prisma             # Prisma database schema├── public/                       # Static assets├── types/│   └── next-auth.d.ts            # TypeScript type declarations for NextAuth.js├── .env.example                  # Example environment variables├── .gitignore                    # Git ignore file├── next.config.mjs               # Next.js configuration├── package.json                  # Project dependencies and scripts├── postcss.config.js             # PostCSS configuration for Tailwind CSS├── README.md                     # This file├── tailwind.config.ts            # Tailwind CSS configuration└── tsconfig.json                 # TypeScript configuration```## Key Technologies  *   **Next.js 14 (App Router):** React framework for building full-stack web applications.  *   **TypeScript:** Statically typed superset of JavaScript for enhanced code quality.  *   **Prisma:** Next-generation ORM for Node.js and TypeScript, used for database interactions.  *   **SQLite:** Lightweight, file-based database, ideal for development and small-scale applications.  *   **NextAuth.js:** Flexible authentication library for Next.js, configured with Credentials Provider.  *   **Tailwind CSS:** Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.## AuthenticationThe application uses NextAuth.js with a Credentials Provider for email and password authentication.  *   **Registration:** Users can sign up via the `/register` page, which calls a custom API route (`/api/register`) to create a new user in the database with a hashed password.  *   **Login:** Users can log in via the `/login` page. NextAuth.js handles the authentication process, comparing the provided password with the hashed password in the database.  *   **Session Management:** User sessions are managed using JWTs (JSON Web Tokens).  *   **Protected Routes:** The `/dashboard` route is protected, requiring an authenticated session to access.## Database SchemaThe `prisma/schema.prisma` file defines the following models:  *   `User`: Stores user information, including `hashedPassword` for credentials authentication.  *   `Account`, `Session`, `VerificationToken`: Standard models required by NextAuth.js.  *   `Product`: Represents items available for sale, with `stock` quantity.  *   `Order`: Represents a customer order, linked to a `User` and containing `OrderItem`s.  *   `OrderItem`: Details of a specific product within an order, including `quantity` and `priceAtOrder`.  *   `OrderStatus`: Enum for tracking order status (PENDING, CONFIRMED, DELIVERED, CANCELED).## API Routes  *   `/api/register`: `POST` endpoint for creating new user accounts.  *   `/api/products`: `GET` to fetch all products for the authenticated user, `POST` to create a new product.  *   `/api/orders`: `GET` to fetch all orders for the authenticated user, `POST` to create a new order (which also decrements product stock).  *   `/api/orders/[orderId]`: `GET` to fetch a specific order, `PUT` to update its status, `DELETE` to remove an order.All API routes are protected and require an authenticated user session.## StylingThe application's styling is handled by Tailwind CSS, with custom colors and font families defined in `tailwind.config.ts` to match the provided design. A `gradient-text` utility class is also included in `globals.css`.## ContributingFeel free to fork the repository and contribute!## LicenseThis project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
